README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
I am currtenly working on Machine learning project<br>I am looking to collaborate <br>I am a freshman studying computer science


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/mouhamad_mm) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/mouhamadmm) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mmmomohub@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=plastic&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=plastic&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=plastic&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=plastic&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=plastic&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=plastic&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=plastic&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=plastic&logo=firebase) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=plastic&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=plastic&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Blazor](https://img.shields.io/badge/blazor-%235C2D91.svg?style=plastic&logo=blazor&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=plastic&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=plastic&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=plastic&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=plastic&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=plastic&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=plastic&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=plastic&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=plastic&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=plastic&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=plastic&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=plastic&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=plastic&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=plastic&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=plastic&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=plastic&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=plastic&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=plastic&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=plastic&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=plastic&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=plastic&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=plastic&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=plastic&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=plastic&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=plastic&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=plastic&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=plastic&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mouhamadmm466&theme=holi&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Mouhamadmm466&theme=holi&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mouhamadmm466&theme=holi&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mouhamadmm466&limit=5&theme=synthwave&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Mouhamadmm466&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with personal and project information
Updated personal introduction and added details about current studies and projects.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
Hi, I am Mouhamad. 
I am a Computer Science student at Case Western Reserve University and I'm driven by a simple mission: to build technology that benefits people I've never even met.

My passion for this mission is in the entire creation process. I brainstorm, collaborate, build, and deploy ideas from scratch. I am currently learning about Machine Learning and the .NET framework, and I'm passionate about finding new ways to combine these tools to create useful applications.

I recently built and deployed my first ML project, putting these concepts into practice. I believe the best way to learn is by building, and I'm always searching for the next challenge.

I am actively seeking opportunities to contribute to meaningful projects and am always open to connecting with other developers, mentors, and innovators.

Whether you'd like to collaborate on a project or just want to talk tech, feel free to reach out


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/mouhamad_mm) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/https://www.linkedin.com/in/mouhamadmm) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:mmmomohub@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=plastic&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=plastic&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![LaTeX](https://img.shields.io/badge/latex-%23008080.svg?style=plastic&logo=latex&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=plastic&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Azure](https://img.shields.io/badge/azure-%230072C6.svg?style=plastic&logo=microsoftazure&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=plastic&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=plastic&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-%23039BE5.svg?style=plastic&logo=firebase) ![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/vercel-%23000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=vercel&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=plastic&logo=.net&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=plastic&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![Blazor](https://img.shields.io/badge/blazor-%235C2D91.svg?style=plastic&logo=blazor&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green) ![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=plastic&logo=django&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=plastic&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![React Native](https://img.shields.io/badge/react_native-%2320232a.svg?style=plastic&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=plastic&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=plastic&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=plastic&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=plastic&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=plastic&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=plastic&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=plastic&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=plastic&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=plastic&logo=supabase&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Premiere Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro-9999FF.svg?style=plastic&logo=Adobe%20Premiere%20Pro&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=plastic&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=plastic&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=plastic&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=plastic&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=plastic&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=plastic&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white) ![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-%23EE4C2C.svg?style=plastic&logo=PyTorch&logoColor=white) ![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/github%20actions-%232671E5.svg?style=plastic&logo=githubactions&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=plastic&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=plastic&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=plastic&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=plastic&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Swagger](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Swagger-%23Clojure?style=plastic&logo=swagger&logoColor=white) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mouhamadmm466&theme=holi&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Mouhamadmm466&theme=holi&hide_border=true)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Mouhamadmm466&theme=holi&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Mouhamadmm466&limit=5&theme=synthwave&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=Mouhamadmm466&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
